# Project-not-programming
I am finally building a pedistal with sticks tracball lightguns etc in my new house, need some help though
So like in 2002 when freemameroms existed I helped those guys compile a, at the time, full list of roms for various systems.  Cant believe it took me this long to have a house where I can now build my proper cabinet, except I'm making a pedistal.
I have a 36 inch lcd TV i dont need so I am going to lay that flat starting at the back of the panel extending towards my 60' TV for virtual pinball.  Here's the rub.  I am currently probably not even cosidered "good" with computers by anyone who is because I havent stayed on top of things for the past 10 years growings parabolic like.  I had Mame and emu's setup on PCs but with joypads its just not the same.   SOOOOOO.  I got a lot of roms, I did own almost all the games I got anyway, really, so its not like Im pirating.  But I just found out hyperspin exists, and I cant get MAME .167b working aka latest version with my 2002 romset.  I tried random mame versions, they work with varying numbers of games I have, capping out at like maybe 2500.  I have close to 10k games, and not that I need all 10k to work, but I do need more.  I only have like 7 or 8 games that require chd files to work but I need to get all those and so far zero.  I had a little hassle getting hyperspin and launch to work but got it working.  I lucked out cuz I had daphne 1.0 and it doesnt auto update like the new one so I got all the laserdisc games working and everything.  The sega 2 EMU i got going fine.  Really pinmame and MAME are the only other 2 I'm SUPER insterested in getting on there.  cant do crap and I have been really trying, spending tons of hours.  I corrupted my hyperspin/launcher so bad now no version on mame will work, guess i messed up the registry which I an not capable of fixing.  Can anyone point me in the right direction please?  I might have some games you used to own but cant find or something.  SYstems up tp genesis/snes/gba i got somewhere around 60k games.  but seriously, you gotta have owned the games and mis placed them or something ;)  Cheers
